Family masters
Our Xiao family's overseas assets
Besieged by many rich people
Now bankrupt
The debt is as high as tens of billions
That's not possible.
I lay down. It's impossible.
My little Jia is a hero
It's a crazy dog.
How could it possibly go bankrupt?
Someone lied to me
Who are you?
You all lied to me.
Xiaojinshan
Now I am officially notified as the lord of the country
From now on
Small family loss sledgehammer
How about surprise
Accident?
This is just a little interest from your Xiao family
No way it should have been you
In addition to your strength
No power at all
I have already investigated
Just a tiny little
Also fit to investigate Mr. Ye
Do you know who Mr. Ye is?
Who the hell is he?
He is the Lord God on whom you rely
Xiao Chenghai, Xiao Ji Mountain
Lin Qianjiao Chen Shaojie
Zhenhanmei Wang Fanger is waiting for the Lord of God not to enter
Deceive the king and conspire against the top
tantamount to rebellion
What crime